We have no need for you
flawed NEXT anymore.
H-01 will replace
every hero in this city.
A glorious new age
will begin!
How dare you call this
hunk of junk a hero.
[Rotwang] You may fight him
together if you wish.
[Maverick] Unless you defeat H-01,
you can't save anyone.
Not this fair city.
Not one of your precious friends...
Not even your daughter.
Kaede...
But I will spare one of your lives
if you pass a small test of your humanity.
Only the fastest
will make it.
If you want to be saved, all
you have to do is reach up
and flip the deactivation
switch on your collar.
However there
is one catch...
The moment you flip your switch
everyone else will blow up!
Doesn't it sound fun?
You have until Tiger and
Barnaby are defeated by H-01.
The second they lose,
all of you costumed idiots will go "boom,"
if none of you has hit their switch.
Let's do this.
I'm with you.
C'mon Tiger...
It's up to you two.
Beat that metal piece of
junk and rescue us.
I wouldn't hold your breath
on that one, Fire Emblem.
No matter how hard they try,
those idiots cannot defeat H-01.
And you're delusional
if you think otherwise.
Now the clock's ticking,
make your choices!
None of us will give
you the satisfaction!
Hmph.
You sure about that, Sky High?
One of your colleagues could
betray you at any moment.
Just hang on Kaede.
Daddy is coming to save you!
[powering up yell]
Huh?
Our powers haven't
recovered yet.
Argh, dammit!
-Screw our powers then.
-Kotetsu, don't!
But Kaede
needs me!
[gasps]
Watch out!
[Tiger] That was way
too close!
[Barnaby] We don't stand a chance
without our powers.
[Tiger] Then we'll just have
to hold him off until we recover.
C'mon kick some ass boys!
[Rotwang]
I almost feel sorry for them.
They can only use their powers
for a limited amount of time...
On the other hand,
H-01's power lasts indefinitely.
Yet another reason why
those sub-human NEXT are vastly inferior
are vastly inferior
to my perfect creation.
What the hell're
you doing?
The technology that runs that android was
originally developed by Barnaby's parents.
They were very careful,
so all of their robots
were programmed to shut down before
they could harm any human.
Hm. Huh?
However, seeing as how this one
can attack the heroes,
I presume its built-in safety protocol
has been disabled somehow.
So now I'm trying to find the
master password to reboot it. Understand--
Not a word. No.
[Mayor]
Why is Hero TV still off the air?
And why are we still unable to
contact any of our heroes?
Mr. Mayor, where can
Mr. Maverick be at a time like this!?
I'm sorry! I...
I just don't know...
What the hell do you
think you're doing?
Do you plan on defending
that murderer?
I defend no-one.
Nor do I follow your code of justice.
I obey the voice
of Thanatos.
I'll uncover your true identity.
And the mastermind behind this chaos.
Huh?
Sorry to keep you all waiting...
Where have you been,
Mr. Maverick?
The meeting began
hours ago, and--
Please accept my apologies. But I've
just been speaking with the heroes.
The heroes informed me that they
are working on a special project
to bring down a terrorist group.
[all clamoring]
Are these terrorists
behind all this?
They are.
My god. Like when
Jake attacked us?
Do you know if all
the heroes are safe?
At the moment they are in
a very tough situation,
but they reassured me that they were doing
their very best to defend Stern Bild.
Gentlemen, we must have faith in
our heroes
patiently wait for their return.
That's all we can do.
[panting]
Here it comes!
Dammit!
At this rate, we're gonna be dead before
our powers recharge!
If they can't beat that thing,
then who can?
Dammit, this isn't
going how I thought.
Go on! Push it!
No! You lousy coward.
You have to think, Sky High, come on!
What should I do?
Hmm...
[giggling]
Even if one of the heroes
manages to survive this...
that's better than
all of us dying.
Huh?
You're gonna betray
us Sky High!?
How could you!?
No! Wait!
That isn't... that's
not what I meant!
So, heroes, does that
change the equation?
I don't believe that guy!
Sky High, no...
No way... not him...
Yes, let it sink in...
Because of what they heard,
they must think...
So much for loyal friends.
Guess you were wrong about them.
Ooh hoo hoo, looks like time's almost up!
They can't keep running away forever!
[grunts]
This really sucks!
So, if you're smart you'll
press that little button.
Please, stop it. E-enough!
One of your pals might be
pressing it right now!
I can't take this anymore!
All of you have been rivals
since the very beginning.
You cannot possibly
trust each other!
We are rivals...
Press it! Hurry!
Who would do it?
Who's the most vulnerable?
Hey! Sky High! What
the hell, man? Augh!
Those pathetic fools.
They don't know that they'll all die
if they push their buttons.
I was never going to let any
of them walk out of here,
those stupid NEXT freaks!
What am I gonna do, Tiger?
Augh!
Kotetsu!
Agh!
[panting]
I guess this is the end.
Take care of Kaede if
anything happens to me.
[scream of anguish]
[panicky panting]
Yes, do it! Yes!
Agh!
[Barnaby] Our powers
are back!
[Tiger] That's what I'm talkin' about!
Let's rock.
[screams]
[grumble]
You bastard!
Damn you're
strong...
This is getting old...
Kotetsu!
Everything is going
according to plan.
It appears you have
things under control.
I do. Even with their powers activated,
H-01's speed and strength
are on a whole different level.
Which means it's time to rid the world of
these miserable NEXT.
Yes, I've just finished
making the arrangements.
When we're finished, it'll look like they
all died honorably in the line of duty.
You can keep attacking all you'd like,
but it won't make a scratch on him.
Now!
I'm on it, partner!
[suit]
Good Luck Mode!
[grunting]
[suit]
Three... Two... One...
[suit] Tiger & Bunny.
Over and Out!
We did it!
Huh?
No way...
[grunts]
[grunting continues]
Bunny!
[Wild Tiger groaning]
No more...
Why don't you
just go down,
you bastard!
Kotetsu...
[Barnaby] We're not giving up...
and we're not
backing down.
[Tiger] Ya hear that, tin man?
It's gonna be a fight
to the finish!
[both grunting]
[both groaning painfully]
I've decided.
What an unfortunate turn
of events for you heroes.
It seems Blue Rose
has made up her mind!
[gasps]
Go ahead, Blue Rose.
Reach up and push the button.
I refuse to push it.
What?
I decided that I
believe in my friends.
Tiger and Barnaby?
I believe in them too!
Are you telling me that
was your big revelation!?
Listen guys! We have to
believe they can win this.
We know how strong they can be.
So we have to be
just as strong!
You're all my friends, and I'd
trust any of you with my life.
That's being a hero.
I believe in Tiger
and Barnaby too.
They can win this.
I know they can win this!
Damn straight.
If a hero can't believe in his friends...
then what good is he?
Yeah, that's right.
And yet, I...
I doubted them...
Thank you, Blue Rose.
And thanks again all of you!
Are you done yet?
All this "trust" and "friendship" garbage
is making me sick!
[chuckles]
Go on, H-01!
Slice that pair of
idiots into pieces!
Dammit... Nothing works.
[grunting]
Kotetsu?
Now, Bunny! Take this guy
out with his own gun!
What?
What about you?
Don't worry about me!
I'll dodge the blast before it hits.
But how?
Just do it! Hurry!
I ain't got all day here!
Shoot him, Bunny!
[screaming]
[panting]
[gasps]
-They did it!
-Fabulous!
Impossible! How could my
H-01 lose to a NEXT?
They'll all pay.
I'll kill every one of those freaks!
[gasps]
Little girl?
I'm no little girl, I'm the
daughter of Wild Tiger!
Stay away!
[groans]
That's my power!
[pained grunts]
Oh snap!
Thanks, Kaede
sweetie!
[grunts]
Fire!
Yeah!
Let's go!
Hey, we did it.
It worked!
Kotetsu?
[gasp] Are you okay?
Sorry, bud.
I just wasn't fast enough.
Shoot him, Bunny!
[Kotetsu] Guess it's hard to dodge like
that without any power left.
Heh. And it had to happen
during our final attack together.
What're you saying? Why
would your powers run out?
You still had
plenty of time!
To be honest, my power can
barely last four lousy minutes.
Huh?
See it's been
getting weaker...
Weaker? For how long!?
It's been fadin' for
a couple months.
It was pretty tough tryin'
to keep it from you, pal.
Don't you think I
should've known!?
Why did you keep it
a secret from me!?
Well, because I knew you'd worry about me.
Didn't want that.
Wait, is that why you were quitting?
So you're going to quit being a hero,
just like that?
Being a hero is
unpredictable.
It's fine when you're a young man,
but I'm gettin' too old for this stuff.
I'm so sorry. You were in
bad shape this whole time...
and I didn't see it.
You dummy. That was the whole point
of hiding it from you.
So you wouldn't see.
[coughs]
Listen, I... I don't
think I'm gonna make it.
Stop talking,
just lay still.
But, Bunny...
I said stop it!
Chasing after the bad guys with you,
and listening to your lame lectures...
I loved every minute of it.
The truth is, when you finally
started calling me "Kotetsu,"
you made me so happy I went out
on an all-night bender to celebrate.
This isn't the end.
Stop talking like that!
Thanks for
everything, buddy.
Shut up, Kotetsu!
You're not dying, you hear me?
You're not the kind of
person who gives up!
You're optimistic,
dammit, act it!
Besides, I've been learning to make
fried rice and that's your favorite dish!
So you have to live
so you can try it!
No!
Whoa, so close...
Ya know, you've got really
long eyelashes...
Kotetsu...?
Kotetsu!